RYAN MCDERMOTT, UX Engineer at Google
It was a joy to work alongside Stefan for well over a year. He has a unique talent for putting the user first and creating a seamless and beautiful user interface and experience. Stefan has an incredible breadth of thought about the product. He can translate his holistic thinking about the application all the way down to the pixel-level to achieve the perfect experience.

Stefan is also a wonderful teacher and mentor. I learned so much from him about what it takes to build great software. I'm very grateful for his professional and personal lessons about creating great products. He is a treasured asset for any team and I'm very proud to say that I worked with him.



JOEL WRIGHT, Director of Sales at Promoter.io
I first met Stefan during a final round interview, and I remember thinking, "Who is this guy? He seems to know exactly the discussions we've been having around our product." I soon found out that was only the beginning of our story.

Stefan's the type of guy who has absolute humility and can bring the best out of the team that works with him. Saying Stefan was a pleasure to work with is an understatement of his actual character. We often collaborated on sales discovery calls and complicated deals that we needed movement on (He always delivered), which is how I learned the truly special thing about Stefan. 

Despite his incredible background, fantastic projects he worked on and ability to solve the most difficult problems he never presented himself on an ivory tower. He was just one of us (even though his experience said otherwise), which is the rarest quality in a top performer.

It's the hardest thing to be the real deal, but that's what you get with Stefan. From customer research and product ideation to product management and UX strategy there are few of his caliber and even fewer that work through highly detailed UI design, prototyping and user testing. 

I'm not joking when I say it's difficult to capture the qualities that make Stefan a ridiculous value add to a team. What his other recommendations have said and what I've said so far doesn't even fill the first page of a book. If you want to know more, give me a call: 281-512-7294. It's an open invitation and totally worth discussing.



AUSTIN LYONS, Software Developer
I echo the professional opinions in the recommendations from James and Ryan. I'd like to add that in addition to being the best product designer I've ever interacted with, Stefan is also an incredibly interesting person. His diverse and unique background coupled with his story-telling ability makes him a fun guy to talk to. I wouldn't be surprised to hear him on The Moth Radio Hour.




JAMES VANZURA, Graphic Designer
Our digital world would be a lot easier to navigate and certainly more aesthetically pleasing if it were left in Stefan's hands. As a creative person myself, I marvel at his ability to create clean, straightforward interface designs that are still visually engaging. No one I've collaborated with has made me say, "I didn't think of that," more than Stefan. He has an almost uncanny ability to uncover the most subtle nuances of a conceptual problem and offer a myriad of solutions. Stefan is an exceptional designer and would make a fine addition to any creative team.



JAMES PRICKETT, Consultant
Stefan excels at defining what the user needs first, then working that back to a conceptual framework to guide the technical development. What does that mean? The result is carefully organized and well-planned guidance for team members as well as senior management. He delivers products that are easy to use and that get results that grow the bottom line. Stefan is a considerate team leader who listens well and elicits good ideas from team members to make the product the best it can be.




MALINA Randrianavony, Product Manager and UX Researcher/Designer
I took Professor Smagula’s class User-Centered Design as an electrical engineering undergraduate student. Professor Smagula’s approach is creative and engaging, especially when connecting the dots between human native abilities and technology.
Through challenging weekly homework, hands-on activities and presentations, taking Professor Smagula’s class has broadened my horizons on design and made me a better problem solver.


Eric Schmidt

CEO OF GOOGLE

"One of the key achievements this year was...significant improvements to the user experience for geo-targeting." 